#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiobotocore==2.4.2
    # via s3fs
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via ypy-websocket
alembic==1.9.4
    # via jupyterhub
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via jupyterhub
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
botocore==1.27.59
    # via aiobotocore
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
croniter==1.3.8
    # via jupyter-scheduler
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via pyopenssl
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
findspark==2.0.1
    # via spylon
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   s3fs
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.21.2
    # via
    #   metakernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   spylon-kernel
ipython==8.10.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   metakernel
    #   spylon-kernel
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   jupyterlab-sql
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   metakernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-scheduler==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-server==2.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.6.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-telemetry==0.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterhub==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sudospawner
jupyterlab==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-sql
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-sql==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
metakernel==0.29.4
    # via spylon-kernel
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.5.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   sudospawner
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via jupyterhub
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pamela==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub
pandas==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   metakernel
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-scheduler
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.5
    # via jupyter-scheduler
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via certipy
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-telemetry
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   spylon
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via jupyter-telemetry
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2023.1.0
    # via jupyter-scheduler
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
spylon[spark]==0.3.0
    # via spylon-kernel
spylon-kernel==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-sql
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sudospawner==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   spylon-kernel
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via pydantic
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via aiobotocore
y-py==0.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
yarl==1.8.2
    # via aiohttp
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
